DOC-2181: add fix documentation for TINY-10177 to the 6.8 release notes. (#2969)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.8-release-notes.adoc

=== Pressing Enter when focusing on the `details` component for an Accordion deletes its structure.
// #TINY-10177
Previously, clicking on the expand arrow of a `details` element would result in the editor selection to be external of the `summary` element when the host browser was Safari.

> As a consequence, the `isInSummary` predicate could not detect the selection at the beginning of the `details` element and would fail to toggle the Accordion component on **Enter** key press.

Author: ```suggestion
As a consequence, the plugin failed to detect if the selection was at the beginning of the `details` element, which resulted in a unsuccessful attempt to toggle the Accordion component when the **Enter** key is pressed
```

Author: @vpyshnenko see above suggestion for re-write

Reviewer: That's good one.
